Explain how to override default header links (#86)
matplotlib/mpl-sphinx-theme: README.rst

To change the style, edit ``mpl_sphinx_theme/static/css/style.css``

Overriding hard coded elements
------------------------------

> This theme is designed to be used with subprojects that are part of the main

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This theme is primarily designed to be used with subprojects that are part of the main
```

Reviewer: I found the absolute character of the original wording slightly confusing. You say it's designed for matplotlib subprojects, but there are also other subprojects.

Matplotlib webiste (e.g., [our cheatseets](https://github.com/matplotlib/cheatsheets]
and [list of third-party packages](https://github.com/matplotlib/mpl-third-party)).

> As such several elements are hard coded, that other subprojects may want to override.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As such several elements are hard coded. However, the theme may also be used by
other subprojects that need to change the hard-coded defaults.
```
